Update Windows Symbol Visibility (#2820)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/The-ROS2-Project/Contributing/Windows-Tips-and-Tricks.rst

Exporting symbols
-----------------

> The Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler (MSVC) exposes symbols from a Dynamic Link Library (DLL) only if they are explicitly exported. The clang and gcc compilers have an option to do the same, but it is off by default. As a result, when a library previously built on Linux is built on Windows, other libraries may be unable to resolve the external symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler (MSVC) exposes symbols from a Dynamic Link Library (DLL) only if they are explicitly exported.
As a result, when a library previously built on Linux is built on Windows, other libraries may be unable to resolve the external symbols.
```

(essentially, one sentence per-line.  The same throughout the rest of this document)

Author: I think I got them all.

Two solutions to export symbols on Windows are Visibility Control Headers and the ``WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS`` property.
Microsoft recommends ROS developers use Visibility Control Headers to control the export of symbols from a binary. Visibility Control Headers provide more control over the symbol export macro and offer other benefits including smaller binary size and reduced link times.

Visibility Control Headers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The purpose of Visibility Control Headers headers is to define a macro for each library which correctly declares symbols as dllimport or dllexport. This is decided based on whether the library is being consumed or being built itself. The logic in the macro also takes the compiler into account and includes logic to select the appropriate syntax.
The following link includes step by step instructions for adding explicit symbol visibility to a library “yielding the highest quality code with the greatest reductions in binary size, load times and link times”: [The GCC visibility documentation](https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/Visibility).

> A header named ``visibility_control.hpp`` can be placed in the ``includes`` folder for each library as shown in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A header named ``visibility_control.h`` can be placed in the ``include`` folder for each library as shown in the example below.
```

(that is, it can be used for both C and C++, and also we tend to use 'include', not 'includes')

   #endif
   #define MY_LIB_PUBLIC_TYPE MY_LIB_PUBLIC
   #define MY_LIB_LOCAL
   #else
    // Linux visibility settings
   #define MY_LIB_PUBLIC_TYPE
   #endif
   #endif  // MY_LIB__VISIBILITY_CONTROL_HPP_

For a complete example of this header, see `rviz_rendering <https://github.com/ros2/rviz/blob/ros2/rviz_rendering/include/rviz_rendering/visibility_control.hpp>`__

To use the macro, add ``MY_LIB_PUBLIC`` before symbols which need to be visible to external libraries. For example:

.. code-block:: c++

   Class MY_LIB_PUBLIC example_class {}

   MY_LIB_PUBLIC void example_function (){}

WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS Target Property
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

CMake implements a macro which will export all symbols on Windows. The ``WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS`` property causes function symbols to be automatically exported on windows. More detail of how it works can be found in the `WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS CMake Documentation <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/prop_tgt/WINDOWS_EXPORT_ALL_SYMBOLS.html>`__.
The property can be implemented by adding the following to the CMakeLists file:

.. code-block:: cmake

  target_compile_definitions(${PROJECT_NAME}

>     PRIVATE "XXX_BUILDING_LIBRARY")

Reviewer: Wait, we still need this bit in "Visibility Control Headers", right?  That is, we need to tell CMake to set XXX_BUILDING_LIBRARY, otherwise the exports won't be done correct.

where "XXX" is replaced with the name of the macro in ``visibility_macros.h``.
If there is more than one library in a CMakeLists file you will need to call ``set_target_properties`` on each of them separately.

Note: A binary on Windows can only export 65,536 symbols. If a binary exports more than that, you will get an error and should use the visibility_control headers.

There is an exception to this method in the case of global data symbols. For example, a global static data member like the one below.

.. code-block:: c++

   class Example_class
   {
   public:
   static const int Global_data_num;

In these cases dllimprort/dllexport must be applied explicitly. This can be done using generate_export_header as described in the following article: `Create dlls on Windows without declspec() using new CMake export all feature <https://blog.kitware.com/create-dlls-on-windows-without-declspec-using-new-cmake-export-all-feature/>`__.

Finally, it is important that the header file that exports the symbols be included into at least one of the ``.cpp`` files in the package so that the macros will get expanded and placed into the resulting binary.

> Otherwise the symbols will still not be callable.

Reviewer: Personally, I think this is valuable advice to leave in.  I have hit this problem several times, and I have also seen contributors struggle with this as well.

Author: Good catch! I'll work it back in
